okay so by now you probably heard that
31 has a new line called jewel by 31
it's a line of designer bags purses
wallets today I want to show you one of
jewels bags called the fashion editor
this is one of their totes
and I happen to love this show you
something a little closer this is called
the jewel and gem pebble it's kind of
like a maroon or a deep maroon a
brownish color really really sharp bag I
use this because when I want to dress up
and I have to take my kids with me I
just like it because it's big enough to
keep their stuff in it and I can still
look fashionable
professionals love this bag really nice
bag to take to work or you know if you
are just a big purse kind of girl this
is a great bag for you so let me go
ahead and show you real quick what this
bag has alright so you have two exterior
pockets on the side one and two and then
in the front you have a pocket here that
I actually have my cell phone in it to
show you just slides right in so that's
a pocket for you there straps really
nice nice and skinny and comfortable
alright the bottom here you'll see that
you have feet four feet on the bottom to
be able to keep the bottom of the bag
clean and just in good shape and if so
if your public transportation or you're
out and about the road you just want to
keep the fog bed nice let's look in the
side here nice and wide interior alright
you have on this side you have three to
two pockets one two to put some things
in your sunglasses or you know even your
cell phone or whatever and this is
really nice this zipper part is nice and
wide and it is padded so it's thick and
padded so it can hold a laptop or a
tablet device and it doesn't really get
in the way of anything else in the bag
on the flipside you notice that there is
nothing
on this side but if you flip this up you
can see that there are there are snacks
and that is because joel has different
add-ons this is called the triple slip
strap the triple slip pocket you can
also get just a regular zippered pocket
and I'm going to show you how this works
this has the the snaps on it so I am
just going to snap real quick here so
excuse me while I snack and there you go
easy enough and you have it right in
there so you have an additional three
pockets right in your bag so that's
really nice so there's there's a couple
add-ons like that so go ahead and check
out which one would be most functional
for you and what I love too about this
is that it zips completely zips we all
know you know when you are at work you
have important documents or things that
you just don't want falling out or
people saying you're getting into so it
actually has a nice zipper closure there
so that is the fashion editor in a
nutshell so really nice bag really
comfortable so go ahead and there's a
couple of options for colors go ahead
take a look at what do you like the best
um
WWE B's bags calm if you have any
questions about it just let me know
but again have fun this is called the
fashion editor